Reflect in the documentation that the LOHThreshold has to be less than region_size (#38763)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/runtime-config/garbage-collector.md

- Specifies the threshold size, in bytes, that causes objects to go on the large object heap (LOH).
- The default threshold is 85,000 bytes.
- The value you specify must be larger than the default threshold.

> - The value can be capped by the runtime to the maximum possible size for the current configuration.

Reviewer: Should we add that this is in .NET 9 and later, or is that unnecessary?

Author: I think it is unnecessary. In principle, the value should have been capped in .net 7/8 as well, we just don't have a business reason to fix those earlier versions, yet. We might if we find a reason to.

> - The value can be capped by the runtime to the maximum possible size for the current configuration. The value actually being used at runtime can be inspected through the [GC.GetConfigurationVariables](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.gc.getconfigurationvariables) API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The value might be capped by the runtime to the maximum possible size for the current configuration. You can inspect the value in use at run time through the <xref:System.GC.GetConfigurationVariables?displayProperty=nameWithType> API.
```
